Day 1 - Django Day 1 - Learnt about how to setup up virtual environment and create Django projects and applications
Day 2 - Dart - Learnt about concpets of dart by watching a YouTube video.
Day 3 - Django Day 2 - Learnt about URL mappings and intro to Templates
Day 4 - Flutter Day 1 - Learnt about how to setup flutter in Windows, explored various widgets. Watched the youtube video of Pawan Kumar 55 mins. Have to watch the rest.
Day 5 - Django Day 3 - Learnt about Templates and implemented the concept involved.
Day 6 - Django Day 4 - Learnt about static files concept and implemented it with an image file.
Day 7 - Django Day 5 - Got to know an overview of Models. Haven't implemented yet. Will do it tomorrow.
Day 8 - DSAlgo Day 1 - Learnt about 6/13 essential C and C++ concepts.
Day 9 - Django Day 6 - Learnt about how to create models and make migrations in Django.
Day 10 - Django Day 7 - Learnt about registering the models to the application. Also got to know how to create a superuser for performing CRUD operations on a model. Also learnt how to populate the data and view it.
Day 11 = Django Day 8 - Learnt about Model Views Template Paradigm and implemented the same.
Day 12 - Working on the digital business card for PT1.
Day 13 - Revised and practiced some questions in Java language because it was a long time since i used it. So, just brushing up on the concepts of classes and inheritance.
Day 14 - Django Day 9 - Started Django Level 3 module. Learnt about how django creates the forms. Haven't done the implementation yet. Will do it the next day.
Day 15 - Planned out what I will be doing in the PT1 project. Finished off the registration part.
Day 16 - Added the login page, the dashboard and the about me option. 
Day 17 - Added the contact module and fixed a lot of major bugs: restricting access to users.
Day 18 - Added the Skills module with the tables and stuff.
Day 19 - Completed 10/14 modules of the project for PT1.
Day 20 - Completed 2 more modules of the project that I am working on. I will try my best to finish them tomorrow and begin the testing phase.
Day 21 - Stuck in the place of changing profile picture.
Day 22 - Still stuck in that bug. Anyways, today I got to experiment a bit with the frameset tag. After an hour of using it, I felt like it is kind of redundant and all those stuff that is being done using that could be done in a better way.
Day 23 - Finally!! After 3 days, I figured out how to update profile picture for a given user in the PT1 project. I will implement using the same logic for the Company profile module.
